Improve the instructions on adding the locale format (#3767)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/tenants/customize-automated-mails.md

    !!! tip
    
        For example, use **fr\_fr** for the French locale, **pt\_br** for Brazil locale and **it\_it** for the Italian locale. This is the format used for country locales in the Identity Server.

>         For more information on country locales, see [Locale codes](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/radfws/9.7?topic=overview-locales-code-pages-supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information on country locales, see [Locale codes]({{base_path}}/references/supported-locales/).
```

Reviewer: We have added a doc with the supported locales to our doc space using PR https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/3943/files

Therefore lets link that doc here.

    
        For example, use **fr\_fr** for the French locale, **pt\_br** for Brazil locale and **it\_it** for the Italian locale. This is the format used for country locales in the Identity Server.
        For more information on country locales, see [Locale codes](http://www.science.co.il/language/Locale-codes.php).

>         Please make sure to use the **"\_"** format instead of the **"-"** format used in this page.

Reviewer 2: @ImalshaG

>         Please make sure to use the **"\_"** format instead of the **"-"** format used in this page.

Reviewer: In that case, shall we use another link with the proper format? It will make the text less confusing and low chance of getting it wrong if users don't read this text.

Found this page: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/radfws/9.7?topic=overview-locales-code-pages-supported

Author: I have updated the link with the above link as it would be much clearer for the user. But can you verify if it's okay to use a `www.ibm.com/docs` link in our official docs?
